Akkun!
Akkun!!
Huh?
(soft music)
Heh!
What are you doing here, dude?
But here's the reason why
I called you in tonight.
They're finally gonna let me
start cutting customers' hair
next month.
And you, you'll be my first.
We promised, remember?
(soft music)
This proves it. I think
I finally believe it.
I actually changed the present.
It worked, it really worked.
(phone beeps)
Hm?
(soft music)
I wonder Whose number this is?
What's up?
[Naoto] You must have succeeded.
What?
Who's this?
[Naoto] And you just returned
from the past, right?
Oh Naoto!
Listen man, you did it.
You pulled this off. Thanks
to you everything's changed.
Takemichi.
So whattya say?
Wanna see my sister?
Hina?
She's alive?
(engine revving)
(sighs)
The escalating dispute
between the Tokyo Manji Gang
and its rivals is believed
to have just claimed several
additional innocent victims.
Two victims were pronounced
dead at the scene.
[Takemichi] Wait, seriously?
That's insane.
Official word is being
withheld pending notification
of next-of-kin.
But the two have been
tentatively identified
as Naoto Tachibana, 25,
from Shibuya, Tokyo.
And another victim,
Tachibana's older sister,
Hinata Tachibana, 26 years old.
Did he really just say,
Hinata?
Back then, all I could do
was watch the TV, helplessly.
But now, I can
actually go see Hina.
Hina's alive.
After doing some research,
it looks like the
incident that led
to my sister's death
never happened.
What?
Toman never fought?
Yeah.
Still, I'm surprised.
I can't believe you
actually pulled this off.
Huh?
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, dude c'mon.
You are kinda of a loser.
Okay, are you trying
to pick a fight?
(laughs)
What does it matter?
You're about to see my sister.
Ah, that's right.
I get to see Hina again.
I have to admit, I'm super
excited about that, Naoto.
Getting to see Hina in the
present, it's like a dream.
(engine revving)
Okay, this is the place,
Huh?
Oh.
Hm.
(opening theme music)
I wonder if Hina's
changed at all.
Well, of course she's changed.
After all, it's been 12 years
since the two of you broke up.
And Hinata is an adult now.
(engine revving)
Hina's, an adult?
And she's got a job. She's
a grade-school teacher now.
Hey.
Oh Takemichi, you're here.
I missed you so much.
Oh, come on now, Hina.
Maybe the two of you
oughta go get a room.
Let's go inside.
Naoto's watching.
Hm.
What the hell's wrong with me?
Like any of that's likely
to happen when she sees me.
(tense music)
Let's break up.
(breathes slowly)
Naoto?
Huh?
You know,
I think
I'm not gonna see her after all.
Huh?
What brought this
on all of a sudden?
Well, if you look at it
from my point of view.
Sure my mission
saved Hina's life.
But she doesn't know that.
In fact she has no idea
about any of this stuff.
You go see her, you're
her brother after all.
But me? By now I'm a
complete stranger to her.
Don't say that.
It's for the best.
I just want her to be happy.
12 years.
12 whole years.
What girl would
even remember a guy
that she dated that long ago?
(punches wall)
(soft music)
What the hell am I doing?
I worked so hard, yet
nothing's changed.
(soft music)
I'm still a 26-year-old virgin,
working a part-time job.
How can I face Hina like this?
No matter how much I
travel through time,
I'm still a failure.
(breathes)
(soft music)
But Hina's alive.
That's more than enough.
How can I ask for
more than that?
(soft music)
I'll just go back.
Back to my old life.
(soft music)
Oh, I'm sorry. I...
(gasps)
(tense music)
Wait, am I dreaming?
Takemichi?
(breaths) No!
(piano music)
Oh Hina!
You are alive.
You're right in front of me.
Hi, Takemichi.
Still showing up
without any warning.
(soft music)
Has something happened to you?
No, no, nothing's
happened. I'm fine.
Oh crap. The tears won't stop.
(soft music)
Ah Hina, your eyes
haven't changed at all.
(soft music)
Hm, hm.
Uhh. Hey, you know.
Yeah!
It's nice weather lately.
Yes!
It's cloudy.
Huh.
You two haven't seen each
other in practically forever.
Y'oughta have lots
to talk about.
And here you are
discussing the weather?
Come on. So I'm
a little nervous.
It's hard to know
just what to say.
It's been a long time.
Well, I'm going home.
Huh.
No, no, Naoto, You can't go.
Being here with
you two is torture.
Figure it out on your own.
-See you later.
-Uh no, wait.
You can't leave me
here alone with her.
My heart will pop
outta my chest.
Are you trying to kill
me or something, Naoto?.
And you call yourself
my best friend.
I am not your best friend.
That's so mean.
Let go of my leg.
You heartless bastard.
Huh?
(laughs)
You're still the
same old Takemichi.
Hm?
Wait.
That necklace.
(gasps) Could that be
the one I gave her?
(sighs) How about
we go for a drive?
Maybe that will make
it a little easier.
I'll drive and
you guys can talk.
Huh?
Mm hm!
(engine revving)
(whistling)
This didn't make things
any easier at all.
(instrumental music)
What's going on with her?
That's definitely the
necklace I gave her.
(gasps)
Does that mean that
Hina might still...
(instrumental music)
No, I'm sure it just means
she bought a really
similar necklace later on.
Yeah, that must be it.
Thank goodness. I was about to
get all giddy, over nothing.
But I'm still gonna
look, one more time.
(phone beeps)
Huh?
[Radio call] You're needed
for immediate backup.
Understood, sir.
Sorry. I've been
called in to work.
Huh.
I'll come by and get
the car tomorrow.
Oh, okay.
Hey, hold on. You're
not leaving us, are you?
You two need to talk
things out yourselves.
I believe you're
both adults now.
Hey!
Hm.
(sighs)
(engine revving)
(soft music)
Crap. I had my chance there,
and I totally blew it.
Now I really don't know
what to say to her.
(soft music)
And I still don't know what
to think about that necklace.
I wanna get a closer
look at it, but...
(soft music)
-Hey.
-Huh?
Can we stop up here?
Uh yeah.
(soft music)
(engine revving)
Why don't we take a little walk?
Is that okay?
Uh, sure.
(soft music)
I haven't been here in forever.
I always liked it.
So then is this a
memorable place for you?
Hm.
I came here with someone I love.
Oh,
yeah.
On Christmas Eve.
Why am I getting all excited
thinking about that necklace,
wondering if she still
has feelings for me?
I mean, who am I kidding?
She's 26. It's been years.
Of course, she'd have
a boyfriend by now,
after all this time.
I'm just the ex-boyfriend
she dumped 12 years ago,
nothing more.
So then, this is
a special place?
Even now, I still
can't forget about him.
Huh?
It was here on Christmas Eve
that he broke up with me.
I don't wanna hear this.
You mean someone
actually dumped you?
What the hell am I saying?
What I still don't
understand...
is why he dumped me.
Huh?
Please tell me.
Why'd it happen?
(soft music)
Huh? Are you crying?
Wait.
This person that you love...
(soft music)
The one you still
can't forget about...
(soft music)
Hold on a sec, I've
gotta go the bathroom.
You go on back to the car
and I'll meet you there.
(soft music)
(sighs)
I'm the one who got
dumped back then right?
There's no I way ended
up breaking up with Hina
in this world, is there?
(soft music)
Even now, I still
can't forget about him.
Does she still have
feelings for me?
(soft music)
No, of course she doesn't.
But.
There's no point in being
hesitant about this.
(soft music)
I gotta change.
So I'm gonna ask Hina out.
Of course, I know it
probably won't go well.
But this is a chance
to change who I am.
Huh?
Hmm.
You were supposed to
have been in the car.
This sucks.
Huh?
What was that about?
What a weirdo.
I was hoping I could take
care of both of you at once.
All that matters is for now
I'm in charge of Moebius.
I'm Hanma.
Hanma!
I've got a bad
feeling about this.
You were supposed to
have been in the car.
The car?
(gasps)
And after I worked
up all that courage.
(engine revving)
(breaths heavily)
Hina! No!
(engine revving)
(loud bang)
(breathes heavily)
Hina!
Takemichi, that you?
Huh?
Why aren't you
inside?
It ruins everything, if
you aren't inside the car.
It can't be.
Akkun!
Why would you
do this?!
(sad music)
I don't know how
it got like this.
I don't know
how it got like this.
But I'm just another
of Kisaki's soldiers.
Everyone in Toman
has to obey Kisaki.
He's saying the same
things he said before!
But why would you
do this to Hina?
You cut hair now.
You've got nothing to
do with Toman anymore.
I was scared.
Just so scared
of Kisaki.
Don't say that!
You,
you have to
save everyone.
(soft music)
our crybaby,
hero.
Don't say that. You
said all this before.
The same things are
all happening again.
Nothing's changed at all.
It's supposed to be
all different now.
(loud bang)
(groans)
Hina!
She's alive!
Hang on, Hina.
I'm gonna get you out of there.
(groans)
Hina.
Come on. We've gotta
get outta here.
Takemichi.
Not now, we have to get
you outta this thing
before it blows
us both sky high.
Thanks for trying.
You can tell me that after
we get you out of this thing.
My legs.
Huh?
I can't...
I can't feel my legs
anymore, Takemichi.
I can't
move them.
(breaths slowly)
(tense music)
In the future.
In the past.
(tense music)
Always and forever.
I'll love you.
(crying)
(soft music)
I'm so glad to hear that.
But you have to go.
No!
(soft music)
Please, please go.
You're so important to me,
I don't want you
to die here, too.
No. (sobbing)
(tense music)
Go now, Takemichi
Hina!
(loud bang)
(breaths)
(punches ground)
(cries loud)
(sad music)
(breaths heavily)
I'm still going
to save you, Hina!
No matter how many times I fail,
I'll keep trying
over and over again.
Until I reach the future
where you're finally safe.
I'm never going to quit trying.
(dramatic music)
I've made up my mind, Hina.
And now...
Now I'm...
(dramatic music)
...Gonna become the
leader of Toman.
(closing theme music)